Add New Kernel Information `ProblemDimensionality` and `MaxPerfectLoopDimensions` (#532)
LLNL/RAJAPerf: docs/sphinx/user_guide/output.rst

    run to run are ``Inconsistent``.
  * **OperationalComplexity** -- The operational complexity of the kernel, where
    N is the *problem size* of the kernel.
  * **MaxPerfectLoopDimensions** -- Number of levels in the largest perfectly 
    nested loop. This should only count parallelized dimensions, do not count loop
    levels that are not parallelized.
  * **ProblemDimensionality** -- The dimensionality of the problem domain, 
    regardless of physical data layout. For example, the LTIMES kernel will have
    a problem dimensionality value of 3, because of phi (g, m, and z) and psi 

>     (g, d, and z) being indexed over 3 dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **ProblemDimensionality** -- The dimensionality of the problem domain, 
    regardless of physical data layout. For example, the LTIMES kernel has
    a problem dimensionality of 3, because phi (g, m, and z) and psi 
    (g, d, and z) are indexed over 3 dimensions.
```

Reviewer: Use present tense.
